they greet us with some champagne we sat
down they explained the hotel to us
explained to us that these itinerary
brought our bags to our room it was
really different
yeah we have a big room it's pretty
standard except it's very very pretty
very Mexican and style nice high
ceilings the bathroom is phenomenal we
have the nice balcony which overlooks
the center the relaxed pool so it's
gorgeous it's very different it's not
like your usual hotel room at all
first pool which is the relaxed pool
which is right before when you step out
to the beach and then there's this
really cool bridge that takes you to the
second pool right over here when you
walk out over here you can see the ocean
from the pool which is amazing we have a
ping-pong table right here volleyball
nets and then you walk over to the beach
Club which is right over to my left and
that's really cool get breakfast there I
get lunch there bars there and then you
can walk down the steps onto the beach
the restaurant was great it was like
walking into a five-star restaurant on
the beach which is fantastic the food
itself the presentation of the food was
amazing when we first sat down to eat I
was shocked at just how nice it look and
it's so fresh everything tastes really
really great in the service is
phenomenal
beaches beautiful oceans beautiful the
ocean the sea floor is beautiful it's
absolutely incredible we'll be back
you